hey beardlovers today I wanted to talk
to you about something very interesting
and really personal that you might not
know about me wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
cover an explosion news giant rest put
noses to work on Africa's landmine
epidemic oh look what do you adorable
that's terrible I don't know how I feel
about putting those things in that kind
of danger that's right I need to buy
more cheese or tweat jens is the brain
and Buddhist monk behind a Popo
anti-personnel landmines detection
product development which is in direct
competition with my program come on
worry about retreating dammit in a land
where resources are scarce we Trenton's
failed rats were suited for the task he
had to get past people laughing and his
plans good job in 2008 and 2009 the rats
found almost 400 mines wow that's really
good we ought to take care of those
little guys from now on moving on
asteroid buzzes earth another one coming
yeah the double encounter is an unusual
event that shows the need for closer
monitoring of near space were
threatening encounters according to NASA
Oh nASA says well it's not as unusual as
NASA thinks because they don't have my
asteroid goggles I'm saving the world
every day with my exploding pens and
marker
who well my clones are saving the world
bring in the next one
erosion Wednesday what explosion
Wednesday
asteroid buzzes earth another one coming
yeah
whoa whoa whoa giant rats put noses to
work on Africa's landmine M Oh stronger
hey everybody I'm thinking about making
an explosion Wednesday regular thing I
don't know yet for sure though I'll let
you know if I decide to you don't want
to rush into these things